amitjoseph98,Maya.heilbrun
Amitjoseph (207255050) , MayaHeilbrun (207583410)
EX: 2

FILES:
thread.h - the header for the thread.cpp
thread.cpp - class which thread is declared and saves each thread information
uthread.cpp - Implantation of the user-level threads library
makefile


REMARKS:

*OS Exercise 2 - Theoretical Questions*

1. a. sigsetjmp -saves the current calling environment’s stack context for later use by siglongjmp. The
      saved state includes the stack context, the program counter, and optionally, the current signal mask.
      siglongjmp -restores the environment saved by the most recent call of sigsetjmp. It will jump back to the
      point where sigsetjmp was called and continue the code as if sigsetjmp just returned.
   b. sigsetjmp and siglongjmp allow a program to save and restore the current signal mask.
      the sigsetjmp allows you to save it if the savemask is non-zero,and the siglongjmp restores it.

2. Example for general use of user-level threads: web browser
The user-level	threads are a reasonable choice for this because:
   a. lower overhead - in web browser, there a lot of threads running a the same time- lower overhead here is crucial.
      The web browse dealing with thousand of users at the same time.
   b. Scheduling can be application specific - in user-level threads the programmer can control the priority of each threads,
      a thing which can optimize the browser.

3.Advantages -
   a. isolation - if one tab is crushing, won't affect other tabs.
   b. security - isolates each tab which creates a barrier between data that can reduce the security breach between tabs
   c. performance - the browser can use multiple cores better. This way it can create priority between threads.
  Disadvantages -
   a. Higher Memory usage - each process requires his own memory space and resources leads to higher overall memory usage.
   b. Creating a new process each tab is "expensive".
   c. Shared resources - managing the access to the same resources with a lot of threads can be difficult.

4. The "kill pid" command from the CMD, sends a signal to the presses and kills it:
	When typing 'kill pid' - the keyboard generates a hardware interrupt to signal the CPU that there is
		input from the user
	The OS's interrupt handler prosses the input from the CMD.
	The shell reads the input - and calls a 'kill' system call to the OS.
	The OS sends the signal to the application prosses
	The application handles the signal - leading to terminating the prosses.

5. Real time - Regular elapsed time (clock)
Example of real time - Watching a video - the time passed as regular time.

Virtual time - advanced only in response to certain events or actions within a system.
Example of virtual time - in Computer games time can be "stopped" and run as we wish - so we use virtual time of the game.


